PostgreSQL WH Source Documentation Update (#450)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: warehouse-actions/postgresql.mdx

## Granting permissions

RudderStack requires you to grant certain user permissions on your PostgreSQL warehouse to successfully access data from it.

Run the SQL queries listed in the following sections in the  **exact order** to grant these permissions:

### Step 1: Creating the user

- Create a new user `RUDDER` with a password `<strong_unique_password>` in PostgreSQL, as shown:

```sql
CREATE USER RUDDER WITH PASSWORD '<strong_unique_password>';
```

### Step 2: Creating the RudderStack schema and granting permissions

1. Create a dedicated schema `_rudderstack`.

```sql
CREATE SCHEMA "_rudderstack";
```

<div class="warningBlock">

The <code class="inline-code">_rudderstack</code> schema is used by RudderStack for storing the state of each data sync. <strong>This name should not be changed</strong>.
</div>

2. Grant full access to the schema `_rudderstack` for the user `RUDDER`.

```sql
GRANT ALL ON SCHEMA "_rudderstack" TO RUDDER;
```

3. Grant full access to all the objects in the schema `_rudderstack` for the user `RUDDER`.

```sql
GRANT ALL PRIVILEGES ON ALL TABLES IN SCHEMA "_rudderstack" TO RUDDER;
```

### Step 3: Granting permissions on your schema and table

> 1. To let the user `RUDDER` look up objects within the schema `<YOUR_SCHEMA>`, run the command below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Grant access to the `RUDDER` user to look up objects within the schema `<YOUR_SCHEMA>`.
```

```sql
GRANT USAGE ON SCHEMA "<YOUR_SCHEMA>" TO RUDDER;
```

> 2. Allow the user `RUDDER` to read data from the table `<YOUR_TABLE>`, as shown:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Grant access to the user `RUDDER` to read data from the table `<YOUR_TABLE>`.
```

```sql
GRANT SELECT ON TABLE "<YOUR_SCHEMA>"."<YOUR_TABLE>" TO RUDDER;
```

**Replace `<YOUR_SCHEMA>` and `<YOUR_TABLE>` with the exact names of your PostgreSQL schema and table, respectively**.

#### Optional commands

<div class="warningBlock">

Run the following commands only if you're okay with RudderStack being able to access the data in all the current or future tables residing within your specified schema.
</div>

* To allow the user `RUDDER` read the data from **all** the tables in the schema `<YOUR_SCHEMA>`:

```sql
GRANT SELECT ON ALL TABLES IN SCHEMA "<YOUR_SCHEMA>" TO RUDDER;
```

* To allow the user `RUDDER` to read data from all the future tables in the schema `<YOUR_SCHEMA>`:

```sql
ALTER DEFAULT PRIVILEGES IN SCHEMA "<YOUR_SCHEMA>" GRANT SELECT ON TABLES TO RUDDER;
```

> 

Reviewer: **Replace `<YOUR_SCHEMA>` with the exact name of your PostgreSQL schema**.
